for anyone who's ever wondered what toys
do when people aren't around everybody
it's so dad won't Disney Pictures and
bite you into a world where toys come to
life
Red Alert
and he is coming upstairs everybody back
to your places college woody the veteran
draw Oh got me again bud the rookie have
you been replaced
no one's getting replaced excuse me oh
okay who else you're mocking me Oh Oh
what do you say I get someone else to
watch the Sheep tonight hell yeah
don't even think about it cowboy whoo
heroes ready for anything
I don't like confrontations accept each
other whoa whoa hey laser it's not a
laser is a little light bulb it blink
what's with him
laser and big guys come on but that's
about to change
they step over the edge and into the
real world
Thank You bounce into sands yard
tortures toys where are your honor
dirtbag a good soldier never leaves a
man behind where the name of the game is
survival I'm lost
there's all your fault my laser could
kill you're a toy use your karate chop
action something let's go around on it
come in Sarka man send reinforcements
you are a sad strange little man that
would be cowboy dog all right man home
come on this one negative much saver in
the cockpit one great idea woody and
Beyond won't this new pictures presents
the first ever computer animated motion
picture they've got trouble
this holiday season take off on an
adventure it cannot be happening to
beyond the imagination sheriff this is
no time to panic this is a proper Tucker
panic the story of two persons
discovering what they're made of
I'm all I got it
your story will you get up here and give
me a hand
ah ha ha very funny but this is serious